README.md, before:

I've reimplemented a few algorithms and resolved some problems for fun.

# index

- [Algorithms](#algorithms)
- [Problems](#problems)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Make Recipes](#make-recipes)
- [How to Release](#how-to-release)

# Algorithms

[back^](#index)

- [numbers/fibonacci/binet_formula](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/binet_formula.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up_space_optimized](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up_space_optimized.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/fast_doubling_recursive](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/fast_doubling_recursive.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/lookup_table](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/lookup_table.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_optimized](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_optimized.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_recursive](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_recursive.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/recursive](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/recursive.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/top_down_memoized](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/top_down_memoized.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/classic_hoare](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/classic_hoare.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_kciwegdes](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_kciwegdes.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_sedgewick](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_sedgewick.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_yaroslavskiy_bentley_bloch](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_yaroslavskiy_bentley_bloch.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/lomuto_clrs](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/lomuto_clrs.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/three_way_bentley_mcilroy](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/three_way_bentley_mcilroy.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/three_way](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/three_way.rs)

# Problems

[back^](#index)

- [codewars/_5667e8f4e3f572a8f2000039_mumbling](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/codewars/_5667e8f4e3f572a8f2000039_mumbling.rs)
- [competitive_programmers_handbook/_0000002_maximum_subarray_sum](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/competitive_programmers_handbook/_0000002_maximum_subarray_sum.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000020_valid_parentheses](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000020_valid_parentheses.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000026_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000026_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000035_search_insert_position](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000035_search_insert_position.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000053_maximum_subarray](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000053_maximum_subarray.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000136_single_number](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000136_single_number.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000145_valid_palindrome](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000145_valid_palindrome.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000151_reverse_words_in_a_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000151_reverse_words_in_a_string.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000198_house_robber](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000198_house_robber.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000238_product_of_array_except_self](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000238_product_of_array_except_self.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000242_valid_anagram](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000242_valid_anagram.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000283_move_zeroes](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000283_move_zeroes.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000334_increasing_triplet_subsequence](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000334_increasing_triplet_subsequence.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000338_counting_bits](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000338_counting_bits.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000345_reverse_vowels_of_a_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000345_reverse_vowels_of_a_string.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000392_is_subsequence](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000392_is_subsequence.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000394_decode_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000394_decode_string.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000605_can_place_flowers](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000605_can_place_flowers.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000700_search_in_a_binary_search_tree](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000700_search_in_a_binary_search_tree.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000704_binary_search](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000704_binary_search.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000724_find_pivot_index](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000724_find_pivot_index.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000735_asteroid_collision](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000735_asteroid_collision.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001207_unique_number_of_occurrences](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001207_unique_number_of_occurrences.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001431_kids_with_the_greatest_number_of_candies](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001431_kids_with_the_greatest_number_of_candies.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001657_determine_if_two_strings_are_close](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001657_determine_if_two_strings_are_close.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001732_find_the_highest_altitude](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001732_find_the_highest_altitude.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001768_merge_strings_alternately](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001768_merge_strings_alternately.rs)
- [leetcode/_0002215_find_the_difference_of_two_arrays](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0002215_find_the_difference_of_two_arrays.rs)
- [leetcode/_0002390_removing_stars_from_a_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0002390_removing_stars_from_a_string.rs)

# Dependencies

[back^](#index)

- [rand](https://crates.io/crates/rand) - Random number generators and other randomness functionality.

# Make Recipes

[back^](#index)

```
bash-all               Run all bash tests
bash-check             Check format bash code
bash-deps              Install bash dependencies
bash-fmt               Format bash code
bash-lint              Check lint bash code
comments-tidy          Tidy comments within code
doc-changelog          Write CHANGELOG.md
doc-readme             Write README.md
dprint-check           Dprint check
dprint-fmt             Dprint format
help                   Display this help screen
makefile-descriptions  Check if all Makefile rules have descriptions
rs-audit               Audit Cargo.lock
rs-audit-fix           Update Cargo.toml to fix vulnerable dependency requirement
rs-cargo-deps          Install cargo dependencies
rs-check               Run check
rs-dev                 Run check in watch mode
rs-doc                 Open app documentation
rs-fix                 Fix rust code
rs-fmt                 Format rust code
rs-fmt-fix             Format fix rust code
rs-lint                Lint rust code
rs-lint-fix            Fix lint rust code
rs-outdated            Display when dependencies are out of date
rs-tests               Run tests
rs-update-cargo        Update dependencies
rs-update-rustup       Update rust
typos                  Check typos
typos-fix              Fix typos
```

# How to Release

[back^](#index)

To generate a new version, you need to follow these steps:

1. In the `main` branch, you must bump the version inside the `Cargo.toml` files.
2. Run `make rs-check` so that the version is changed in the `Cargo.lock` file.
3. Run the command `git add -A && git commit -m "release: bump version"`.
4. Run the command `git tag -a <your.new.version> -m "version <your.new.version>"`.
5. Run the command `make doc-changelog && make doc-readme`.
6. Run the command `git add -A && git commit -m "release: <your.new.version>"`.
7. Run `git push` to `main`.

Commit message:

feat: Add leetcode 121
Signed-off-by: Rodolfo Mói de Oliveira <rodmoi.oliveira@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

I've reimplemented a few algorithms and resolved some problems for fun.

# index

- [Algorithms](#algorithms)
- [Problems](#problems)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Make Recipes](#make-recipes)
- [How to Release](#how-to-release)

# Algorithms

[back^](#index)

- [numbers/fibonacci/binet_formula](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/binet_formula.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up_space_optimized](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/bottom_up_space_optimized.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/fast_doubling_recursive](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/fast_doubling_recursive.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/lookup_table](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/lookup_table.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_optimized](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_optimized.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_recursive](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/matrix_exponentiation_recursive.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/recursive](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/recursive.rs)
- [numbers/fibonacci/top_down_memoized](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/numbers/fibonacci/top_down_memoized.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/classic_hoare](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/classic_hoare.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_kciwegdes](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_kciwegdes.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_sedgewick](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_sedgewick.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_yaroslavskiy_bentley_bloch](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/dual_pivot_yaroslavskiy_bentley_bloch.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/lomuto_clrs](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/lomuto_clrs.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/three_way_bentley_mcilroy](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/three_way_bentley_mcilroy.rs)
- [sorting/quicksort/three_way](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/algorithms/src/sorting/quicksort/three_way.rs)

# Problems

[back^](#index)

- [codewars/_5667e8f4e3f572a8f2000039_mumbling](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/codewars/_5667e8f4e3f572a8f2000039_mumbling.rs)
- [competitive_programmers_handbook/_0000002_maximum_subarray_sum](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/competitive_programmers_handbook/_0000002_maximum_subarray_sum.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000020_valid_parentheses](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000020_valid_parentheses.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000026_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000026_remove_duplicates_from_sorted_array.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000035_search_insert_position](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000035_search_insert_position.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000053_maximum_subarray](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000053_maximum_subarray.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000121_best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000121_best_time_to_buy_and_sell_stock.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000136_single_number](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000136_single_number.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000145_valid_palindrome](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000145_valid_palindrome.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000151_reverse_words_in_a_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000151_reverse_words_in_a_string.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000198_house_robber](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000198_house_robber.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000238_product_of_array_except_self](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000238_product_of_array_except_self.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000242_valid_anagram](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000242_valid_anagram.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000283_move_zeroes](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000283_move_zeroes.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000334_increasing_triplet_subsequence](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000334_increasing_triplet_subsequence.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000338_counting_bits](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000338_counting_bits.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000345_reverse_vowels_of_a_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000345_reverse_vowels_of_a_string.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000392_is_subsequence](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000392_is_subsequence.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000394_decode_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000394_decode_string.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000605_can_place_flowers](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000605_can_place_flowers.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000700_search_in_a_binary_search_tree](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000700_search_in_a_binary_search_tree.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000704_binary_search](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000704_binary_search.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000724_find_pivot_index](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000724_find_pivot_index.rs)
- [leetcode/_0000735_asteroid_collision](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0000735_asteroid_collision.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001207_unique_number_of_occurrences](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001207_unique_number_of_occurrences.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001431_kids_with_the_greatest_number_of_candies](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001431_kids_with_the_greatest_number_of_candies.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001657_determine_if_two_strings_are_close](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001657_determine_if_two_strings_are_close.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001732_find_the_highest_altitude](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001732_find_the_highest_altitude.rs)
- [leetcode/_0001768_merge_strings_alternately](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0001768_merge_strings_alternately.rs)
- [leetcode/_0002215_find_the_difference_of_two_arrays](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0002215_find_the_difference_of_two_arrays.rs)
- [leetcode/_0002390_removing_stars_from_a_string](https://github.com/rodmoioliveira/algorithms/blob/main/problems/src/leetcode/_0002390_removing_stars_from_a_string.rs)

# Dependencies

[back^](#index)

- [rand](https://crates.io/crates/rand) - Random number generators and other randomness functionality.

# Make Recipes

[back^](#index)

```
bash-all               Run all bash tests
bash-check             Check format bash code
bash-deps              Install bash dependencies
bash-fmt               Format bash code
bash-lint              Check lint bash code
comments-tidy          Tidy comments within code
doc-changelog          Write CHANGELOG.md
doc-readme             Write README.md
dprint-check           Dprint check
dprint-fmt             Dprint format
help                   Display this help screen
makefile-descriptions  Check if all Makefile rules have descriptions
rs-audit               Audit Cargo.lock
rs-audit-fix           Update Cargo.toml to fix vulnerable dependency requirement
rs-cargo-deps          Install cargo dependencies
rs-check               Run check
rs-dev                 Run check in watch mode
rs-doc                 Open app documentation
rs-fix                 Fix rust code
rs-fmt                 Format rust code
rs-fmt-fix             Format fix rust code
rs-lint                Lint rust code
rs-lint-fix            Fix lint rust code
rs-outdated            Display when dependencies are out of date
rs-tests               Run tests
rs-update-cargo        Update dependencies
rs-update-rustup       Update rust
typos                  Check typos
typos-fix              Fix typos
```

# How to Release

[back^](#index)

To generate a new version, you need to follow these steps:

1. In the `main` branch, you must bump the version inside the `Cargo.toml` files.
2. Run `make rs-check` so that the version is changed in the `Cargo.lock` file.
3. Run the command `git add -A && git commit -m "release: bump version"`.
4. Run the command `git tag -a <your.new.version> -m "version <your.new.version>"`.
5. Run the command `make doc-changelog && make doc-readme`.
6. Run the command `git add -A && git commit -m "release: <your.new.version>"`.
7. Run `git push` to `main`.
